## Connecting on-premise networks. 
In this practice lab, you will create an AWS side-to-side VPN connection between an on-premise network and a VPC on AWS. edit subnet route tables to establish the proper routes between the connected networks. Create a static route in the transit gateway route table. Test connectivity between an on-premise and remote amazon easy to instance. So, Syn manager is a fully managed video system manager capability with the session manager you can manage your Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud, EC2 instances, edge devices on premises servers and virtual machines. So send manager, provide secure and editable node management without the need to open port maintain bash in host or manage SSH keys. After the session manager connection is made you can run bash commands. Linux and Mac OS or PowerShell commands windows as you would through any other connection type. An Elastic Network Interface ENI is a logical networking component in a VPC that represents a virtual network card. You can create and configure network interfaces and attach them to instances in the same availability zone. An elastic IP address is a static public IP version 4 address designed for dynamic cloud computing. You can associate an elastic IP address with any instance or network interface in any VPC in your account. You can use Amazon Virtual Private Cloud to launch AWS resources into your virtual network that you have defined. This virtual network closely resembles a traditional network that you would operate in your data center with the benefits of using the scalable infrastructure of AWS. A customer gateway is a resource that you create in AWS that represents a customer gateway device in your own, in your on-premises network. When you create a customer gateway, you provide information about your device to AWS. The border gateway protocol BGP exchanges routes between the customer gateway device and a virtual private gateway. An AWS side to side VPN connection enables success to your remote network to and from your VPC. AWS Transit Gateway connects your VPCs and on-premises networks to be a central hub. The transit gateway VPN attachment provides the option of creating an IPsec VPN connection between your remote network and the transit gateway over the internet. The VPN configuration file contains the information necessary to establish the connection between your on-premise devices and the VPC on AWS. A pre-shared key is a string used for authentication that you enter when you configure your customer gateway device. The virtual private gateway is the VPN endpoint on the AW side of your side to side VPN connection that can be attached to a single VPC. [ Pause ] The strong swan application is used to establish VPN connections. A Tunnel## is an encrypted link where data can pass from the customer network to or from AWS. A route table contains a sets of rules called routes that determine where network traffic from your subnet are Gateway East Director. When you attach a VPC to your transit gateway, you need to add a route to your subnet route table for traffic to route through the transit gateway. Your transit gateway routes IP version 4 and IP version 6 packets between attachments using transit gateway route tables. Amazon CloudWatch collects and visualizes real-time logs, metrics and even data in automated dashboards to streamline your infrastructure and application maintenance. 